# Australia Weather

In this project I try to answer the question that whether or not it will rain the next day in Australia. This project implements Logistic Regression and Scikit-Learn libraries. To answer this question, I built a classifier to predict whether or not it will rain the next day in Australia. I trained a binary classification model using logistic regression. I used a dataset that contains 10 years of daily weather observations from 2008-2017 from the Australian weather stations. Although the dataset is very complete there is some cleaning steps that need to be done prior to training the dataset and fitting it to our binary classification model. The dataset was retrieved from Kaggle and the description for the dataset suggested to remove RISK_MM variable that may skew results so that was addressed in the cleaning steps. My target variable is RainTomorrow that gives a binary output of Yes or NO, this allows us to run our model over our entire dataset and get a good accuracy. I used feature scaling to normalize the range of independent variables and features of our train and test sets, this will follow with our model training of our training set to be fed into the Logistic Regression classifier. Once the train and test set were created, we could use sklearn for our Logistic Regression and fit it into a binary classification model. This Model gave us an accuracy score of 85%. Overall this is a good enough accuracy to use in the real world and to adopt for weather stations and may even be improved on in the future with more data. 
 
